Kissel ami belly will not spoil so
talked in the old days
and yet they did not know about
the existence of pectin it in these thick
drinks full of not acting like
the brush they clean our body from the inside
gently adsorbs all toxic
all elements and heavy metals and or
any other by-products
which are naturally formed
in the gut of emergency gang force can of all
what is at hand
in the spring let it be better bread or
oatmeal she cleans the vessels and blood
cure ulcer and gastritis on oatmeal
jelly easy and lose weight normal
least calories full meal
I ate there a hearty and at the same time easily
oatmeal strew milk into milk and
oatmeal is not porridge not necessarily porridge
What kissel improve mood
to be antidepressants that is
promotes the production of serotonin let
flakes swell
now we will filter them later
milky infusion of fire as it starts
boil quickly remove to taste
sugar and trickle down
diluted starch we are ready
We recommend it regularly enough
at least every day for example 150
200 milliliters and do it with
islands since the morning when she is the whole process
purification just started and he
will then act to the maximum
effectively old jelly bread not
spoil not in a hurry to throw away the crusts
better cook cereal jelly and get
a whole set of b vitamins to start
just married rye bread in water by wife
jelly helps heal Zayed or
cracks in the corners of the mouth or even improves
skin condition here especially for people
which is characterized by dry skin or
some problems like the curve
plan bread infusion filter in
pan bring to a boil throw
clove lemon and orange zest
pour in starch
cool and drink some love
jelly drink hot some love dota
but best absorbed in the body
has a beneficial therapeutic effect
this jelly room temperature
cereal jelly transparent sour it
better to drink for people with low
acidity but this kissel is sweet
honey let him from him the most powerful
immunostimulating properties enhance
health and it can
recommend to those people who
feels tiredness tiredness
dissolve honey in cold water
warm up and throw raisins
remove from heat and thicken with
starch when cool decorate and drink
bye fresh alena she hava oleg krupin
first channel
but